Our aim is to reveal the formation mechanism of LPSO structure.
For that purpose, we made up two senarios and assessed each step by the first principles calculations.
Two senarios are the stacking fault initiation and the solute ordering initiation. 

Next, we researched the interaction between the L12 clusters and the solute atom.
The solute atom is inserted in the 1st through the 6th layer separating from the cluster or the stacking fault.
When Y replaces with Mg, the total energies show a monotonous decrease.
But the graphs show Zn is not affected by cluster and Y is affected by cluster.

Then, we researched the interaction between the cluster and the Zn-Y pair.
Relaxed total energies shows monotonous decrease. 
Results shows a strong tendency of Zn-Y pair sweeping out from the stacking fault or cluster.

The results support a prediction that the solute atoms are trapped Stacking Fault and initiate Stacking Fault. 
But, energy changes show monotonous decrease. The results don't show the middle range ordering of the clusters.

Therefore, we pay attention to Mini_Cluster.
Kiyohara et al. have reported that a L12 like cluster embedded in hcp lattice shows the unique relaxed structure which is almost split in two minier clusters.
We call the structure Mini_Cluster.
For making minier clusters, we divide an L12  cluster vertically or horizontally like (a) or (b).
Then we insert the mini cluster in hcp Mg with the 6 layers.
The first principle calculations show that (a) type cluster shows 0.2 eV lower energy than (b) type cluster.
The energy change is not a monotounous tendency but the slight minimum at the middle range of 4-5 layers.
This minimum induces the middle range ordering of the clusters.
We place Mini_Cluster various positions and inspect energy change about first principle calculation.
The energy changes show same monotounous tendency.

If we accept the energetic stability of solute ordering by a mini cluster, we have to discuss the kinetics of the cluster movement.
We focused on vacancy diffusion as the difussion mechanism of mini clusters.
For revealing the kinetics of the solute movement,
we calculate the stability of the vacancies around the mini cluster.
We expect that a vacancy is stable near a mini cluster.
Against expectations, the model with a vacancy inserted at the far position
shows the lower energy.
For confirming the denial of the possibility of the cluster diffusion,
we need	to calculate on the various configurations with multi-vacancy.

We modified senario.
At first, Zn and Y pair stayed in same stacking layer.
in the second, Condensed Zn and Y induces Stacking Fault.
then in the third step, stacking fault traps Zn and Y.
in the fouth, clusters are formed there.
finally, further Zn and Y are swept out from stacking faults.
These steps are repeated and LPSO structures grow vertically.











We assesed whether condensed solute atoms initiate the stacking faults or not.
When we performed the sliding one layer from hcp stacking to fcc stacking, the peak of Mg 70 Zn 1 Y 1 graph is lower than that of Mg 72 graph.
So, we guessed impurities like Zn and Y are the accelerating factor for the introducing of the stacking faults.



Then we inspect cluster stability.
We compared the cluster energies in various type of lattices.
The atomic configuration of the cluster in hcp lattice has not been reported, thus we made up models by sliding of the up-half of the L12 cluster.
There are two choices of the sliding directions, called type(a) and type(b).
We got a result type(a) cluster is most unstable and type(b) cluster is most stable.
