We made up two senarios and assessed each step by the first principles calculations. 
First senario is Stacking Fault initiate. 
In first senario, we predicted solute atoms are trapped Stacking Fault after introduced periodically them.
Second senario is Solute Ordering initiate.
In second senario, we pridicted Stacking Fault traps solute atoms.
And, solute atoms are swept out from Stacking Fault and condense at 4-layer.
Condensed atoms initiate Stacking faults.

We assesed whether condensed solutions initiate Stacking Faults or not.
This graph is Stacking Fault energy of Mg 72.
And, This graph is Stacking Fault energy of Mg 70 Zn 1 Y 1 that Zn and Y replace with Mg at Stacking Fault layer.
Peek of Mg 70 Zn 1 Y 1 graph is lower than peek of Mg 72 graph.
So, we guessed impurities like Zn and Y are factors introducing Stacking Faults.

Next, we researched Interaction between cluster and solution.
The solution is inserted in 1st through 6th layer separating from the cluster or the stacking fault.
When Zn replace with Mg, total energys don't show critical energy changes.
But, When Y replacs with Mg, total energys show monotonous decrease.
The graphs shows Zn is not influenced by cluster and Y is influenced by cluster.
And Zn-Y pair stable in same layer.
So, Zn stable a long distance layer from cluster or Stacking Fault.

We inspect cluster stability.
First, we assesed cluster stability when some clusters exists in same layer.
As a result, total energy is different less than 0.4eV.
We guess clusters in same layer don't affect each other based on the result.

Second, we compare cluster energys about clusters in various type of lattice.
In this research, we calculate using model about cluster in hcp, fcc, 6H(hexagonal), 14H.
The atomic configuration of the cluster in hcp lattice has not been reported, thus we made up models by sliding up-half of L12 cluster.
And, each cluster will be called type(a) and type(b).
we got a result type(a) cluster is most unstable and type(b) cluster is most stable.
As a result of comparing 6H with 14H, total energys have almost no difference.
This result indicate clusters located upper and lower don't affect each other.
And, the result shows cluster in fcc is unstable.

We researched Interaction between cluster and Zn-Y pair.
Fixed total energies show Zn-Y pair at first layer is most stable.
But, relaxed total energies shows monotonous decrease. 
Results shows strong tendency the sweeping out from the stacking fault or cluster.

Results of our research don't support two senario we made up.
But, the results support prediction solutions are trapped Stacking Fault and initiate Stacking Fault. 

So, we modified senario.
First in modified senario, Zn and Y pair stayed in same stacking layer.
Second, Condensed Zn and Y induces Stacking Fault.
Third, Stacking Fault traps Zn and Y.
Fouth, Clusters are formed there.
Fifth, Further Zn and Y are swept out from Stacking Faults.
These steps are repeated and LPSO structures grow vertically.

But, there is possibility Stacking Fault disappear　after fourth step．
Because, result shows cluster is stable in hcp lattice.
So, we need to calculate about cluster in detail and conduct Stacking Fault changing mechanism of LPSO structure.